# Spike - FAQs and Knowledge Base

<div class="contents">

Table of contents

</div>

## General

Spike is a phone app, and its users are a welcoming community with the
interests of its users at its heart. This document has been written by
volunteers who use and love Spike in a bid to help people access the app
to its potential. It does not cover very specific issues – if your
problem is bespoke or unusual and not covered in this document, please
search the Facebook site by typing a keyword in to the “Search” box in
the group’s page. If you have an area that you think needs to be
included in this document, please tag Kathy Bliss on the Facebook site
with details.

Please remember that Spike is not a commercial product. It is designed,
developed and managed by volunteers doing the best they can to
accommodate everyone at the expense of having their free time and social
lives severely affected so that they can dedicate more time helping
others. The only thing they ask in return is politeness and patience.

## Invites

### How do I access Spike?

Spike is not available on the Apple App Store, instead you can download
Spike through App Centre via an invitation you can request from the
Spike website.

Fill in the form at <https://spike-app.com> with an email address that
you can access from your phone. Within a few moments, you should receive
an invitation email containing details of how to install the Spike app.
Once you’ve received your invitation email, the installation process to
follow is detailed in a wiki that can be found here. Follow the
instructions to the letter – they are fully comprehensive and everything
you need to do is covered. Common mistakes are trying to register your
device (you don’t need to…) or missing the step about setting up your
phone to trust spike’s certificate.

### How long should I expect to wait for my invite?

ALL invites are sent automatically and so should be with you a few
moments after your request. If there’s nothing in your inbox, then
please check your junk mail folder. Occasionally, some email servers
block the invitation email from spike before it reaches your account. If
this happens, please use a different email address that you ae able to
access from your phone. This isn’t something the Spike Team can change
I’m afraid.

## What devices are compatible?

  - Phones with Spike – iPhone 4s, 5, 5c, 5s, 6, 6 Plus, 6s, 6s Plus,
    SE, 7, 7 Plus, 8, 8 Plus, X, Xs and Xr.
  - iPadswith Spike for iPad – works with all iPads apart from iPad 1.
  - iPods with Spike– iPod Touch 5th & 6th Gen.
  - Apple Watches – all apple watches are supported ( support can be
    found within the Spike app Menu \> Settings \> Watch)
  - Other Watches: the following watches can be used with Spike: Pebble,
    Fitbit Iconic and Versa, Garmin. For further instructions, go to the
    app a
